ID-1670: Start på starter for ID-porten IM login-API (#2)
felleslosninger/idporten-im-api-starter: README.md

# idporten-im-api-starter

[![Maven build status](https://github.com/felleslosninger/idporten-im-api-starter/actions/workflows/call-maventests.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/felleslosninger/idporten-im-api-starter/actions/workflows/call-maventests.yml)
[![Build image](https://github.com/felleslosninger/idporten-im-api-starter/actions/workflows/call-buildimage.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/felleslosninger/idporten-im-api-starter/actions/workflows/call-buildimage.yml)

> This library is a Spruing Boot starte defining common APIs for identity management in ID-porten.

Reviewer: fancy

> This library is a Spruing Boot starte defining common APIs for identity management in ID-porten.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library is a Spring Boot starter defining common APIs for Identity Management (IM) in ID-porten.
```

## Requirements

To build and run the application you need:

> * JDK 1.8 (to support application with older Java versions)

Reviewer: :(

Author: Det er med tanke på MinID.  Men ingen der vil snakke med meg :)
